Update explanation on `@daiji256/rehype-mathml` in plugins.md (#189)
rehypejs/rehype: doc/plugins.md

  — replace template strings with values from the dictionary
* [`rehype-mathjax`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-math/tree/main/packages/rehype-mathjax)
  — render math with MathJax
* [`@daiji256/rehype-mathml`](https://github.com/Daiji256/rehype-mathml)

>   — render math with MathML with the power of [Temml](https://temml.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  — render math as MathML with [Temml](https://temml.org/)
```

I think this is more correct: it renders math *with* temml. It renders *as* mathml

Reviewer: The plugin is also called `rehype-mathml`. It currently works with Temml. But that may not be a goal of the plugin. The plugin could, in the future, be made to not use Temml.

Reviewer: No, sorry, long indeed.
Also, it is just not recommended to go and install things directly from this list.
People should click the link and read through the readme **and the code probably** before going and installing things!
Installing things from random people is dangerous!

> correct the description if he stopped using Temml

The author didn’t mention temml before, so probably would not come and change it here.
In my experience, people who add things this this list do not ever come back to change it

Author: > No, sorry, long indeed.
> Also, it is just not recommended to go and install things directly from this list.

OK, I will adopt your suggestion as is.

> In my experience, people who add things this this list do not ever come back to change it

I see. Thank you for providing that info.
